Publish product list for GA (#3257)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/product-list.md

description: This article lists all the products that Sumo Logic integrates with.
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

This article lists all the products that Sumo Logic integrates with, including the types of integrations we offer. 

Types of integrations:

> * **Apps**. Pre-built applications with dashboards that provide quick information about the product. To [install apps](/docs/get-started/apps-integrations/), select **App Catalog** from the main menu. See [Apps and Integrations](/docs/integrations/) for more information. 

Reviewer: Instead of "quick information", I'd say something like "robust analytics" or "increased visibility across your entire modern application stack".

Author: Great suggestion, @kimsauce! I used your idea for "robust analytics".

> * **Apps**. Pre-built applications with dashboards that provide quick information about the product. To [install apps](/docs/get-started/apps-integrations/), select **App Catalog** from the main menu. See [Apps and Integrations](/docs/integrations/) for more information. 

Author: ```suggestion
* **Apps**. Pre-built applications with dashboards that provide robust analytics about the product. To [install apps](/docs/get-started/apps-integrations/), select **App Catalog** from the main menu. See [Apps and Integrations](/docs/integrations/) for more information. 
```

> * **Apps**. Pre-built applications with dashboards that provide quick information about the product. To [install apps](/docs/get-started/apps-integrations/), select **App Catalog** from the main menu. See [Apps and Integrations](/docs/integrations/) for documentation about apps. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Apps**. Pre-built applications with dashboards that provide quick information about the product. To [install apps](/docs/get-started/apps-integrations/), select **App Catalog** from the main menu. See [Apps and Integrations](/docs/integrations/) for more information. 
```

Reviewer: Instead of "quick information", I'd say something like "robust analytics" or "increased visibility across your entire modern application stack".
